"It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently." - Tony Robbins
"Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency." - Dwayne Johnson
"Small disciplines repeated with consistency every day lead to great achievements gained slowly over time." - John C. Maxwell
"The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine." - Mike Murdock
"Motivation gets you going, but discipline keeps you growing." - John C. Maxwell
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Consistency is the true foundation of trust." - Roy T. Bennett
"You don't rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the level of your systems." - James Clear
"Long-term consistency beats short-term intensity." - Bruce Lee
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"Without consistency there is no moral strength." - Owen Feltham
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." - Billie Jean King
"It's not the will to win that matters - everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters." - Paul "Bear" Bryant
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn
"Things do not happen. Things are made to happen." - John F. Kennedy
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day." - Jim Rohn
"You have to fight to reach your dream. You have to sacrifice and work hard for it." - Lionel Messi
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." - Muhammad Ali
"Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard." - Tim Notke
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Overnight success stories take a long time." - Steve Jobs
"A river cuts through rock not because of its power but because of its persistence." - James N. Watkins
"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out." - Robert Collier
"Be consistent in the basics and brilliant in the details." - Unknown (widely attributed)
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance." - Samuel Johnson
"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success." - Napoleon Hill
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." - Benjamin Franklin
"Slow and steady wins the race." - Aesop
"You are what you do, not what you say you'll do." - Carl Jung
"Watch your habits, they become your character." - Winston Churchill
"Your beliefs become your thoughts, your thoughts become your words, your words become your actions, your actions become your habits, your habits become your values, your values become your destiny." - Mahatma Gandhi
"First forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable." - Octavia Butler
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
"Character is simply habit long continued." - Plutarch
"We first make our habits, and then our habits make us." - John Dryden
"Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken." - Warren Buffett
"The chains of habit are generally too small to be felt until they are too strong to be broken." - Samuel Johnson
"Repetition makes reputation, and reputation makes customers." - Elizabeth Arden
"The most important thing is to try and inspire people so they can be great at whatever they want to do." - Kobe Bryant
"I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've failed over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." - Michael Jordan
"Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing." - Vince Lombardi
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
"The secret is to work less as individuals and more as a team. As a coach, I play not my eleven best, but my best eleven." - Knute Rockne
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." - Sean Patrick Flanery
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you." - Unknown (widely circulated)
"If you can't fly, then run. If you can't run, then walk. If you can't walk, then crawl. But whatever you do, keep moving." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Rome was not built in a day, but they were laying bricks every hour." - John Heywood
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." - Benjamin Franklin
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will." - Vince Lombardi
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"Consistency is more important than perfection." - Khloe Kardashian
"Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't." - Jerry Rice
"The only way to learn is to live." - Matt Haig
"Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow." - Doug Firebaugh
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you want to change who you are, begin by changing what you do." - anonymous
"Consistency is the hallmark of the unimaginative." - Oscar Wilde (a fun contrarian one!)
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." - Vince Lombardi
"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times." - Bruce Lee
"Good things come to those who work while they wait." - Thomas Edison
"Make each day your masterpiece." - John Wooden
"The secret to success is to start from scratch and keep on scratching." - Dennis Green
"A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way." - Mark Twain (on learning through doing)
"Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude." - Colin Powell
"I don't count my sit-ups. I only start counting when it starts hurting." - Muhammad Ali
"The key is not the will to win. Everybody has that. It is the will to prepare to win that is important." - Bobby Knight
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"You will never always be motivated. You have to learn to be disciplined." - Aristotle
"Routine, in an intelligent man, is a sign of ambition." - W.H. Auden
"A daily practice is the path to mastery." - Robin Sharma
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" - John Wooden
"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." - Steve Jobs
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it." - Charles F. Kettering
"The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas Edison
"When you feel like quitting, think about why you started." - widely attributed
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas Edison
"Victory belongs to the most persevering." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Never, never, never give up." - Winston Churchill
"There is no substitute for hard work." - Thomas Edison
"Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible." - Lord Chesterfield
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"One step at a time is good walking." - Chinese Proverb
"You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Take care of the minutes and the hours will take care of themselves." - Lord Chesterfield
"Inch by inch, life's a cinch. Yard by yard, life is hard." - John Bytheway
"Small steps in the right direction can turn out to be the biggest step of your life." - Naeem Callaway
"Even the greatest was once a beginner. Don't be afraid to take that first step." - Muhammad Ali
"Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not. Genius will not. Education will not. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent." - Calvin Coolidge
"Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence." - Ovid
"Do not wait; the time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
